
Repo contains:

1. ratings.csv + movies.csv (inside data.7z)


2. matrix_factorization.py - script for tuning the MF model hyperparameters, creating a tuned model, and saving the model.
	* is_hyperparameter_tuning (boolean) - if True the script is on tuning mode, if False the script uses tuned hyperparameters to train a final model and save it.
	* files needed to run: ratings.csv
	* Output: folder named: final_mf_model- this folder has all the metadata of the model and will later be loaded as a whole.


3. content_based_model - script for tuning the CB model hyperparameters, creating a tuned model, and saving the model.
	* is_hyperparameter_tuning (boolean) - if True the script is on tuning mode, if False the script uses tuned hyperparameters to train a final model and save it. 
	* files needed to run: ratings.csv, movies.csv
	* Output: folder named: final_cb_model - this folder has all the metadata of the model and will later be loaded as a whole.


4. content_based_cosine_sim.py - content based recommender using cosine similarity.
	* files needed to run: movies.csv
	* Output: None. Only prints recommendations.

5. MSE_bias_calculation.py - calculates all the MSE baselines.
	* files needed to run: ratings.csv
	* Output: mse_bias_calculations.pickle - contains all the baseline MSE calculation as a dictionary and will be loaded later to our Jupyter Notebook.

6. mse_bias_calculations.pickle

7. recommend_with_model.py
	* files needed to run: ratings.csv, movies.csv, final_cb_model or final_mf_model
	* Output: prints recommendations.

8. Recommendation and Learning - Final Project-VF02.ipynb - Jupyter Notebook

9. Installation.txt
